[motorcycle approaching]
Don't do this, Brother.
We discussed that we'd divide our shares.
I will give you ten stalks of bananas.
Keep calm and switch on the torch.
How dare he warns me to keep
my hands off these bananas!
Don't do this, Brother.
If our little brother comes to know
about it, there'd be a big brawl.
If our mother was alive, she'd have
registered this farm in my name.
Brother, don't do this.
See, I've told you that
your elder brother would come.
Brother...
Did he become a big guy to
summon me to the village council?
Please listen to me, Brother.
Don't do this, Brother.
Hey!
[gasps] Hey!
Brother...
-Bloody vixen!-Brother...
Hack him!
Don't do this, Brother.
Let's sit and talk.
Didn't I ask you to stay away from
these bananas, till we resolve.
Didn't I?
-Don't spare him!
-Didn't I tell you?
-Stop there!
-Hey!
This plantation belongs to me!
-Stay away from this, little brother!
-This plantation belongs to me!
-Just hack him off!
-This is mine!
-This plantation belongs to me.
-What the hell!
[groans in pain]
-Suri!
-My hand!
Suri! Suri!
Oh no, Suri! [sobbing]
You killed my husband!
You have unfairly killed
our little brother, Brother!
Oh God! [sobbing]
All of you, have killed my husband!
I have pleaded not to get into a brawl.
Poor, Brother Suri!
-Jagadee
-Yes, Father.
Remember this all the time.
Agonising woman and the tears of
a man is considered a bad omen.
TUCK JAGADISH
Aren't you feeding cattle well that
they are giving low milk yield?
Can you drop me in the village, sir?
-What do you say, sir?-Get in.
My name is Lingalu.
Are you the newly appointed
M.R.O of our village?
Yes.
You do know the history of Bhudevipuram
and still came here, aren't you?
I don't think you know.
Otherwise, why would you come?
This is the Vermillion of the deity who
protects our village boundary.
Apply this on your forehead and
you'll be blessed with good luck.
It suits you!
Let me tell you a tale about Bhudevipuram.
What is it?
The tale of papaya.
Why did you take this fruit?
If we let him off for mere papaya,
he'd come to the farm next time!
Hey! Seri Naidu is not letting the water
from lake to pass into my field.
When I told him that
my crop would shrivel,
he claimed that he owns
the water that passes through his field
and kicked me on my chest.
When that's the case, the papaya
that fell in my farm belongs to me.
Hey!
Is it?
If I sleep with your wife in
my farm, will she become mine?
-Rascal! What the hell are you blabbering!
-Narayana, calm down!
Seri Naidu, mind your words.
First, keep your people under control.
Adiseshu is intentionally
provoking Narayana.
-[in unison] What are you talking about?
-Ramana, calm down!
-Calm down.
-[overlap of voices] What are you talking!
What the hell are you talking?
You are the ones who are provoking us!
Naidu, this is a general meeting,
not a village council.
If he steals again...
Here, my word is an edict!
-Narayana!
-Brother in law!
Veerendra Naidu is the
son of late Seri Naidu.
Despite knowing that
Narayana killed his father,
he is taking care of Narayana's family
and evolved as a deity to our village.
Everyone in our village
is bound to his words and deeds.
And you, as an MRO, shall follow
his path and be in your limits.
Pull over!
I know my responsibilities as an MRO.
Get out!
Out!
Idiot!
Let's go.
[kid crying]
Sir...
When will my husband
come out of the prison?
You said that you'd get him out on bail.
Despite sleeping with me all these days,
you are still longing for your husband.
Am I not satisfying you?
Or...
Is Narayana better than me?
This kid needs a father, sir.
Father?
The lawyer is working on the same.
Bali Reddy,
drop her at the house.
Do you have any sense?
Will you release your father's
murderer just to sleep with her?
Narayana, are you missing your child?
Yes, sir.
Since Mr Veerendra has forgiven
you, you need not worry at all.
Bastard!
Sir... Sir... Please spare me!
Don't kill me!
Sir... Sir... I plead you!
[Narayana groans in pain]
What if Narayana's wife
comes to know about this?
She will die too.
Mr Veerendra.
The new MRO isn't the kind who'd obey us.
Seems like he is very stubborn.
Mr Naidu, the lake must be extended
to supply water to other farms.
This is government's decision.
But the farmers of your village are
not approving. Persuade them, sir.
Back in those days, Lake Bhudevi was
an abundant water source for four villages.
Greed larger than hunger
made them encroach the lake.
I will convince the farmers.
But...
Sir...
There are fields of these
farmers on one side of the lake.
And on the other side, there are
fields encroached by Veerendra.
Now, Mr Naidu is sceptical
about Veerendra's decision.
[car approaching]
Mr Naidu would say anything
because he has nothing to lose.
But what about me?
Can't you tolerate me prospering?
Why do you have so much against me?
Your father was against
this when he was alive.
Now, you are doing the same.
What will you gain from this?
Satisfaction.
You ruined my father's political career.
You are the reason for his death!
Everyone knows how your father died.
People shouldn't suffer because
of our family disputes.
Huh? Should I suffer then?
It is of no use to talk
with this old man, Bro.
-Mind your words!
-Bose, calm down.
-[overlap of voices]
-Veerendra, ask your men to calm down.
I'll kill you.
-I'll ensure your fall!
-I'll destroy all of you!
-Hey, back off
-Back off!
Mr Veerendra, everything would be alright
if you hand over the lands on your own.
Else, I know how to settle this legally.
Well, you will face the wrath of
Mother Earth if you mess with my lands.
Let's go, Guys.
Don't worry about losing your farms.
I will allocate my farms
to you at some other place.
[in unison] Thank you, sir.
Veerendra's men are trying
to kill me at the guest house.
Please save me, sir.
-Hey, he is over there.
-Sir... Please save me, sir.
-[stabs]
-[groans]
Mr Naidu, the MRO has
been hanged to death!
Let's go.
Greetings, sir.
He used to siphon off public fund
when he worked at the agency region.
Will the Naxalites keep quiet?
They have killed him.
Why would Naxalites kill
the MRO who came to develop the village?
I'm sure Veerendra did this, Mr Naidu.
Bhudevipuram will become a graveyard
if murderers like this join politics.
Veerendra should not win the ZPTC
election under any circumstances.
We are planning to nominate
Mr Bose in the election.
-Bose is too honest to be in politics--
-Father...
Someone who is not scared of
Veerendra has to stand up for the people.
Mr Ram Murthy,
arrange a meeting with
all the local leaders.
Let's ask them to take a stand against
Veerendra, regardless of his threats.
Sure!
[rooster clucking]
Hey, stop... Stop...
A new car without lemons
hangings or any Vermillion spots.
It should be Mr Jagadish's car.
Why did he stop here?
Mr Jagadish...
Mr Jagadish, why are you here?
Are you performing
first aid to a rooster?
Wow!
Who is he?
Looks like a broiler rooster
among country broods.
Why is he holding our rooster?
Why should we care?
Hey, give us our rooster.
Come on, give.
Look,
It fell on my car when I'm on my way.
It looked at me with
agony seeking help.
I looked at it and offered a helping hand.
There's been an exchange
of emotions involuntarily.
I don't know about other roosters,
spare this one!
How can we? This is the aspect
of my brother-in-law's pride.
I will give five grand.
You can't buy his pride with money.
-I think this is ten grand, not five.
-Oh, ten?
Are you trying to buy his
self-respect with mere ten grand?
See, how he is nodding negatively.
You dimwits!
He is offering us money.
Why are you still talking about pride?
Have the rooster, sir.
You just bought honour,
pride and self-respect for ten grand.
What if this situation
happened in Bhudevipuram?
Woah!
BHUDEVIPURAM
[car honks]
Sir, Mr Jagadish has arrived.
We have to meet Mr Naidu.
Wait, I will talk to them.
Did you like the car?
Mr Naidu,
the farmers of
Tummalapalem want to meet you.
I will be right back.
How are you, Jagadish?
They are suffering due to lack
of irrigation to their fields.
Hey Jagadee...
-Greetings, Mr Naidu.
-Greetings, sir.
Greetings.
It will be nearly 20 acres.
What's up?
What is the progress of your visa process?
Ongoing, Brother.
Will be done in a month.
Alright.
Anyway, we have no choice
but to face these disputes.
There is no limit for
Veerendra's atrocities.
He murdered a sincere MRO.
-To stop him--
-Brother!
Where is Nithya?
Come
Nithya, don't move.
-Wait, Mother.-Catch.
Wedding?
Little brother Bujji...
I will kill you if you
ask her to marry you.
Little sister, he is crazy about Nithya.
He will do anything for her.
My foot!
Get them married, dear.
You will get two shares of the property.
I won't take his share, Brother-in-law.
I already have mine
in this entire property.
Of course... Of course...
-Who said otherwise, Ganga?
-What is it, dear?
-Uncle!
-Just wait
-Hey!
-Uncle!
I know Brother Bose won't deny me, Father.
But I highly doubt our little brother.
We cannot make out what he is
thinking behind those shades.
Ask him to say that word.
Hey! Say it.
Come on, say it.
Hey, say it.
-Say it, Uncle.
-Come on, say it.
-What would you lose if you say?
-Why can't you say it?
I won't say.
Father, he says he won't.
Kid, say it.
Honey, you tell him, at least.
Say it, dear. Girls like to hear that.
Open your mouth.
Well, I will give my share
to Sister Ganga if needed.
-That's it.
-Uncle, you lost your property.
-Are you happy now?
-That's my brother.
He might look tough from outside
but you are his favourite, Ganga.
Yes, Ganga.
-Sathi Babu is here.
-Eh?
Sathi Babu.
Sister-in-law, take Nithya inside.
One shouldn't come intoxicated
to discuss auspicious things.
Of course... Of course...
What is it, dear?
Nothing, Father.
Sathi Babu wants to
set up a fertilizer store.
It might cost around five lakh rupees.
He wants to discuss it with you.
-Bose.
-Yes, Father.
Sell the cashew harvest and give five
lakh rupees from that to Sathi Babu.
Okay, Father.
Sathi Babu,
you can work on a new
business if one fails.
But that's not possible with health.
Don't ruin it by getting intoxicated.
-Hey!
-Bose.
Yes, Father.
Jagadee, when did you come?
When are you leaving for America?
Is it for foreign liquor?
Yes.
No, not for that.
Hey...
I'm starting a fertilizer store.
You should inaugurate it
by breaking a coconut.
What do you say?
Mother.
You woke me at 4 am.
You have been torturing
me to cook several dishes.
As if he is Mr SV Ranga Rao from
the movie Mayabazar to eat all these!
I'm Abhimanyu.
Mother.
-What's up, Tuck?
-Jagadee.
Where is the Vermillion of the deity who
protects the boundary of our village?
Oh, my God!
You don't respect or fear God.
Does anyone enter the village
without applying Vermillion?
He would have prayed
while coming in the car.
Caught!
My ill-fate! Do you have
any respect for my words?
Mother...
Mother!
When my mother died
after giving birth to me,
you've taken good care
and raised Bose and me
like your own children without
discriminating us for being
the children of the other wife.
Kumari, Ganga, Bose, Bujji and you...
all of you are my children.
Forever!
Jagadee, I need a favour.
You should not refuse.
What is it?
I took a solemn vow that
I'd make you carry the holy pot tomorrow
at Goddess Bhudevi's temple carnival.
-Holy pot?
-Yes.
Can't we donate one lakh
rupees to the temple, instead?
It is a sin.
You cannot buy everything with money.
Slap yourself for offending God.
Slap yourself.
Come on, slap yourself.
Granny, just imagine Uncle Jagadee
with the holy pot on his head,
Kohl to his eyes in a silk skirt attire.
Mother, I am unable to carry this.
Mother...
[in unison] It will do good!
[in unison] Say yes.
[in unison] Come on, say yes.
-Yes...
-Say it.
Yes.
My sweet son!
Hurrah! The smiles should bloom!
All eyes should glitter
just like the diyas in the temple
Is there anything uninteresting
in any of the six seasons?
If you have the right vision,
you can turn mud into beautiful flowers
I'll be with you forever
Whether it be stones or thorns in the
path, our steps should make them bloom
If you sit in a corner in gloom
Would the trouble
that's haunting you subside?
If you face it bravely...
Would the fear that chases you last?
Hurrah! The smiles should bloom!
All eyes should glitter
just like the diyas in the temple
[unclear shouting]
Hey! What happened?
-Why are you people fighting?
-You tell us, Mr. Bose.
Mr. Bose, my daughter is in labour pains.
She needs to get to a hospital urgently.
Pull it harder!
Everyone move aside.
Let the ambulance pass. Move!
Small joys and strong bonds
bring back sweet memories
Always remember this, Jagadee.
Your team's loss is your loss.
Don't let them lose.
Brings the joyous
childhood days back
Here comes the festival...
that unites everyone
Spread your friendship around
Add up to your treasure of smiles
Your smiles wouldn't fade away
even in the toughest times
If you sit in a corner in gloom
Would the trouble
that's haunting you subside?
If you face it bravely...
Would the fear that chases you last?
When motherland is
the mother to everyone
Everyone is a relative
and no one is an outsider.
If you say you can fade out
the distance between relations
No one can deny the fact
The fragrance of a flower
is never wasted
It would always spread
happiness to others
When a right gift is unboxed
I'd take that as the moonlight that
would stay forever as a feast to eyes
If you sit in a corner in gloom
Would the trouble
that's haunting you subside?
If you face it bravely...
Would the fear that chases you last?
[thunder rumbles]
Mother, why are you still up?
I'm waiting for Bose.
Otherwise, he will skip
dinner and go to sleep.
I told you several times to take
support of a pillow for your back, Mother.
Later you complain about backache.
Go and sleep.
What are you doing here?
Uncle, let's get married.
Marriage?
Don't skip this topic again.
After you leave, I cannot
wait for you like a crazy girl.
I want to be with you, wherever you go.
After Bose and I started living here,
one day, you were crying profusely.
When Sister Kumari asked
me to take you in my arms,
I felt like she was asking me
to take her responsibility.
It was the responsibility of an uncle.
I'll be by your side through
all good and bad times.
But I cannot be your husband.
Why?
This is the reason.
Uncle, I'm very serious about it.
Will you marry me or not?
If you are not going to
stay in my life
why do you think you
are responsible for me?
If you had rejected me
stating I'm a village girl
I would have been happy.
Stop acting like a kid.
I'm tired of being called a kid.
You will see what this kid can do.
Chandra...
Sister.
Did you reject her proposal?
Sister, I have never had
feelings for Chandra.
Why are you giving an explanation?
No one can force love.
She hardly knows the difference
between love and responsibility.
She will understand it eventually.
I love both of you equally.
Instead of messing with your
brain, come and sleep inside.
What is it?
Mr Kanna Babu,
why are you planting stones in the canal?
Don't you know this land
belongs to the government?
Hey, stop the work.
I'm here because it is government land.
Did I enter into your bedroom?
Mind your words.
Who is he?
He is Kanna Babu.
All he does is drinking
toddy and encroaching lands.
Will you stop it or not?
Okay, I will stop.
I will send all of them away.
Shall we go to my farm and talk?
Mind your words!
I will break your teeth!
Kanna Babu is Veerendra Naidu's henchman.
Let's not involve and report this
to Mr Bose. He will take care.
-Come on, break my teeth.-Hello
-Sai.
-Yes.
Can I deliver a dialogue which
no one expects in this situation?
Yes, please.
Hey!
Spare her.
Uff!
-What happened?
-It's awesome. Please continue!
Who the hell is he?
He is Tuck Jagadish,
Adisesh Naidu's younger son.
He will get angry and
irritated if you untuck him.
Is it?
Anji, untuck him!
In the meantime,
I will pull her saree out.
He's got a gentle heart as soothing
as water from the black earthen pot
If you provoke him,
he'll beat the hell out of you
Look at his delightful smile
bundled with sharp observation
He'll beat you black and blue
without letting his shades slip
If you mess with his tuck,
he'll rip your spine
If you stagger like a perv
after drinking toddy...
Keep it. It's looking good on you.
- he'll strip you and send home
-That's it!
Be like a polite relative... If you mess
with him, he's gonna become a punisher
[shatters]
He's got a gentle heart as soothing
as water from the black earthen pot
If you provoke him,
he'll beat the hell out of you
Look at his delightful smile
bundled with sharp observation
He'll beat you black and blue
without letting his shades slip
[gasps]
[panting]
Thanks.
What do you do here?
I work as VRO.
While girls like you are settling
as software engineers in the city
why you are working as a VRO?
I am very fond of this village.
Name?
Bhudevipuram.
Your name?
Oh! Gummadi Varalakshmi.
Nice name.
You are Mr Adisesh
Naidu's son, aren't you?
Yes
I think you don't reside in the village.
Well... He visits often.
It is an issue with him.
Okay, thank you.
Bye
Shut up and get in the car.
Drat!
Mr Simhachalam, is MRO here?
He is inside.
He's been talking to Veerendra's men
ever since he arrived.
It's tough to handle him.
Meet him after they leave.
The new MRO
is verifying all the old files.
You cannot meet him today.
Visit tomorrow.
Bujji, did you receive the amount?
Five lakh rupees.
We can only earn till we are incumbent.
No one cares after that.
Mr Veerendra gave these survey numbers.
No one should mess with these.
What if anyone comes saying
pass books or online records?
The computers won't work, you know.
I will take care of it.
What else?
I heard that Mr Veerendra keeps
girls around him all the time.
We have an exhibition this
Sunday in our mango plantation.
Please come.
Can I get a bit younger one?
Sir is very romantic!
-See you, sir!
-Okay!
Let's meet at the mango plantation.
Lakshmi, come!
Sir, my name is Vara Lakshmi.
I am the V.R.O.
I enquired upon coming
here about lady staff.
Oh, you are Vara Lakshmi?
Take your seat
It's okay, sir.
Sir, it's been six months that
her husband passed away.
[clicking tongue]
The land with survey no. 152
belongs to her husband and it
should be transferred to her.
She is roaming around
for a long time.
If you can issue a passbook
by putting a signature...
I... have a habit of working late nights.
If you can come to our guest
house around 10 pm to 10.30 pm...
Together...
we can work on it joyfully.
Get in... Get in...
Right... Right...
Are you Kondamma?
Yes!
Someone is speaking
ill about you in the backside.
I thought she would do something like
this when I saw her board the bus.
I will take her to task.
Hey vixen!
What the hell were you blabbering?
What did I blabber? Who told you?
[heated argument in progress]
How are you doing?
It's been a long time since I saw
a woman going to the office in a saree.
You seem very traditional.
Don't you have any other work?
You men tease us on the road.
Trouble us in the bus.
And invite us to your guest house.
The beginning two are alright...
But I could not
understand the guest house part.
There is a pervert!
My MRO.
Called me to guest house
to issue a passbook.
I heard that you got a loan sanctioned
for Pedda Veerayya against his farm...
Without any bribe!
How can we save money
for your wedding and dowry?
If a guy demands
dowry, I'll break his limbs.
You would not get married in this life.
-Not at all.
-Eat!
-I will!-Hello.
[devotional song plays in the distance]
Why did you come to my home?
Let's go to the guest house!
I will slap you with a footwear.
Why didn't you say that to MRO?
Is it because he is superior?
He has a superior as well.
That's God.
He would not stay calm.
Let's go and get the passbooks issued.
Trust me!
He is Mr Adisesh Naidu's son.
500 acres!
She will definitely get married!
Son...
How come you are here?
A small survey work with VRO.
Survey?
He is requesting, right? Go with him.
Go, dear.
Go--
[chuckles]
It is just...
You don't have to explain.
You are Mr Adisesh Naidu's son.
You can take her
Get back soon.
-Well...
-Don't say anything.
Chances like these are very rare.
-Is he there?
-He came just now.
Who are they?
Naxalites.
Naxalites?
Kidding. They are my friends.
Get down
[chuckling]
Let's go and thrash him!
He should be terrified
to call even his wife to the bedroom.
I'm scared. I won't come.
Ramulamma was scared
like this at the beginning.
Didn't she break the skull
of Rami Reddy later?
Punch him with this in such a way
that it shall jolt his intestines.
Hold it.
Say 'Lal Salam' (Red Salute)
Lal Salam.
Your emotion is like
asking for a lollipop.
-Emotion!
-Lal Salam!
That's it.
Let's go.
[steamy song playing in TV]
Damn!
Ouch!
Who are you, guys?
Hey! Let go of me... Let go of me...
[grunts]
[groans]
I will make sure Veerendra kills you!
Yes!
That's how you
should let go of me.
You don't know my background.
I will kill you all!
Get lost!
You should be scared.
Your leader left, you too leave.
Why did you get the dumbbell?
No, please. It will hurt!
[groans]
CHEEKATI SURYULU (The dark knights)
BY SARAGADAM RAMESH
What, Gumma?
Are you happy?
Gumma?
Gummadi Varalakshmi!
Gumma!
Don't you like it?
I like it!
Gumma
The M.R.O slipped and
fell in the bathroom.
He is on leave for a week.
Come later.
Another time,
your call has entered my heart's chamber
My hearts wishes, you
call me yet another time
These are the starting words of love
These are the first rains
of blooming age
My heart can't be quiet
with all the naughty thoughts
Although it knows it's crossing
boundaries venturing into to alien lands
Maybe you've entered my life
as a pleasant stream on a vacant path
Maybe you've bloomed like a beautiful
flower in my sunny days
Hoist your hopes so high that you
erase the defining boundaries
Crossing the limits of all directions,
let's visit the stars
-Hoist your hopes so high...
-Erase the defining boundaries.
-Crossing the limits of all directions...
-Let's visit the stars.
You charm me with your gaze...
Pinching my heart
You make me laugh
with your naughtiness...
Just like a kid
My young heart dances
having secured you in my eyes
I'm liking this discomfort of wanting you
beside me, that was never there before,
Maybe you've entered my life as a
pleasant stream on a vacant path
Maybe you've bloomed like a beautiful
flower in my sunny days
Hoist your hopes so high that you
erase the defining boundaries
Crossing the limits of all directions,
let's visit the stars
-Hoist your hopes so high...
-Erase the defining boundaries.
-Crossing the limits of all directions...
-Let's visit the stars.
Another time,
your call has entered my heart's chamber
My hearts wishes, you
call me yet another time
[insects trilling]
[indistinct dogs barking]
Hey!
Hey, Suri.
Lakshmi, take the girl inside.
Let go of it... Let go of the sickle.
Have you gone mad?
Why did you kill my father?
What happened?
We immobilized Suri after he
attempted to hack Ramana, Mr Naidu.
Let's kill him without
any discussion, Mr Naidu.
In order to take away our
lands and woo my mother,
he killed my father by
making him drink illicit liquor.
Hey!
She is my sister-in-law and I
consider her as my mother, you idiot.
He is falling for Veerendra's lies.
How are you even trusting Veerendra?
Suri!
Drinking illicit liquor is not
the reason for your father's death.
It was jaundice.
The doctor informed me.
How could you think of killing your uncle?
Your family would have been on the roads
if your uncle wasn't there for you.
Farms and properties are not
important than close ones.
Know the value of blood relations.
Spare him.
He will understand.
Father, let's go
Father?
Tension... Tension... Tension...
What happened, Father?
I am doing fine, aren't I?
I know that you come here
when you are disturbed.
Tell me!
A 15 year old kid...
How can a 15-year-old
think of killing someone?
How could they get this aggression
and vengeance-seeking thoughts?
Is it because of people
like Veerendra?
Or is it in the soil of Bhudevipuram?
When will this village reform?
When I think of our
family and this village...
The other day...
When I married your mother
under unavoidable circumstances,
I was very skeptical.
But all of you are living
together with harmony...
Jagadee,
Bose and you
should protect this family
like an eye-lid protects the eye.
Don't get so emotional, Father?
Do you remember what you
told me in my childhood?
Do you still remember that?
I will remember it till my last breath.
Go, and sleep!
Can I sleep here along
with you, for tonight?
Since I had a talk with you,
I can now sleep peacefully. You go home.
Don't you need anything else?
No.
Not even a small peg?
Go
-Bye, Father.
-Bye.
How is it?
I have never gone out
of the village at these hours.
This is my first time.
What did you tell your father?
I told him that I was going with you.
Why should I lie about it?
Won't you ever lie?
Never.
What if you had to?
I will stay silent.
What about you?
I never speak truth.
What if you had to?
I will remain silent.
I'm worried about the call from
your father at this hour, Bose.
[gasping out of breath]
-Father...
-Mr Naidu...
Father... Father...
What happened, Father?
Breathe... I can't breathe!
-Let's go to the hospital.
-No... No...
I won't live.
I can feel it, Bose.
Murthy?
Write the will stating that the farms
near lake goes to Ganga and Kumari,
Casuarina plantation to Bujji,
and coconut plantation
to the one who is mute.
Bose gets the farms near the hill.
Jagadee doesn't know to farm.
Give him anything he asks for.
Bose... Bose...
After me... After me...
Mr Naidu!
He, who did everything for the welfare
of the people all his life, is no more.
Mr Bose,
-Every word he uttered must be--
-Must be?
The children of the first wife shall
have the farms near the lake.
And the children of the second wife
shall have the farms near the hill.
What kind of justice is this, Lawyer?
I have been observing since childhood...
Why do you love daughters so much?
You took good care of them
and got them married as well.
You let their husbands
stay with us and raised them like pigs.
I tolerated all that just because I'll
inherit all the assets after your death.
But even during your last moments,
you wanted to give the share
to Kumari, Ganga and Bujji.
I will give no piece of land to anyone.
Everything is mine.
Lawyer,
just forget everything that happened here.
Else you will die just like the M.R.O.
Sir, Veerendra's men are at my guest
house to kill me. Please save me.
Bose, stay away from this.
It is not your issue.
Even I'm trying to say the same.
I don't care about him.
If you are angry about
mere two acres of land,
imagine how much angry I
should be for ten acres of land.
I too would have issues
with such good M.R.O.
-Hey...
-Veerendra
-[stabs]
-[groans]
I'm not interested in politics.
You can even have that
ZTPC chairman position.
But I need all the lands which my father
has freely distributed to the farmers.
I must be the one with vast
amount of lands in Bhudevipuram.
Though you have worked for my
father, you need not display loyalty.
Think of your family
and forsake the village.
[weeping]
I'm very anguished about his death.
May his soul rest in peace.
Be brave.
Jagadish, right?
[conch resonating]
[funeral procession percussions]
[people weeping]
[intensified sobbing]
-Sai...
-Coming!
Keep it in the car.
Jagadee...
where are you going?
I have an interview, Sister.
We all are grieving
over our father's death.
How can you leave us instead
of staying here as a support?
Look at our mother's situation.
She didn't even consume
a drop of water since morning.
What is this, Mother?
How can you not eat anything and weep
all day whenever you think of father?
All are worried about you.
No one would eat if you don't.
Sister-in-law...
Get the food plate.
Take a look at the child.
She is apprehensive.
Nithu...
The thought of father not being here...
He left me all alone...
Father is here with us.
He is in Bose... He is in me...
He is within every one of us.
Father's words, love and memories...
All these make up father, right?
Can father's soul be
at peace if you keep grieving?
If we be brave and
live together happily,
it is like having father among us.
Chandra...
Feed her.
Brother,
you should take care
of everything from now.
I will take care.
You go safely and
attend the interview.
[people hailing] Hail Veerendra!
Mr Bose, how can you decline
nomination now?
I lost interest in politics
post my father's death.
I even gave a thought about
it while coming in the car.
I am not the right person for it.
Leave me alone.
You fulfilled your promise, Bose.
Careful, the fish has too many bones.
As per my word,
I'll get the lands your father distributed
to the people registered in your name.
The M.R.O will be working on it.
He is Mr Gali Somaraju.
My windmill projects have been
setup in all the neighbouring villages,
except Bhudevipuram.
Your father didn't let it happen.
Bose is not like his father.
He is intelligent.
They want to launch
a windmill project in our village.
If you can lease your land to him,
he will give a good percentage of share.
I know that you won't venture into
anything without a profit, Veerendra.
Cut to the chase.
[chuckles]
Tiru...
He is Tirumala Naidu, my brother.
He wants to marry your niece Chandra.
I've been crazy about her
for a long time, Mr Bose.
My mother also wants me
to marry a girl from your family.
Your niece will be very happy here.
I have no objection for this marriage.
But there shouldn't be
any changes in our deal.
Will your brother agree?
I will take care of him.
An alliance with Veerendra's family?
We are not on good terms, right Bose?
Bose will have a reason for that, Devudu.
Father told me something
during his last moments.
The day these two families unite,
is the day vengeance in this village ends.
Moreover, Veerendra came to our home
and consoled us when father passed away.
Veerendra's brother is a very nice guy.
He is well educated and wanted
to do some good to our village.
I've spoken to him.
He likes Chandra very much.
She grew up in my hands.
Imagine how much thought
I'd have put on her marriage.
I feel you are right, Bose.
On top of that, your father's word.
You've put more thinking
than me about my daughter.
Let's do it.
-Well, let's call Jagadee.
-Not needed.
Uncle Bose, I will marry him.
But I don't want Uncle Jagadee
to attend my wedding.
Why are you speaking like that?
How can this wedding happen without him?
-Mother, calm down.
-What happened to her?
I should get married
by the time he returns.
Else, I will not marry in this life.
She is a kid. Ignore her innocent words.
Call him, he will be happy.
-Call him, Bose.
-Call him, he will be happy.
-Call him.
-Call him, Brother.
Well...
Jagadish hates Veerendra since
childhood because of our family disputes.
He might worry if we call and inform him
about the wedding with Veerendra's brother.
We can speak to him after his return.
He will be here by the wedding time.
True, Brother. It is better
to inform him after his return.
Brother, you have
thought through this, right?
Brother Bose will preside
over the wedding.
[wedding percussions]
Smile a bit.
Mr Bose,
a marriage in Mr Naidu's family is
considered as a carnival of 10 villages.
But why have you arranged
a simple wedding in the temple?
What's wrong in it?
Union of our families is a carnival.
We wanted that to happen
in the presence of God.
It is a good thing.
Did you see Chandra's face, Mother?
It is very delightful.
Why didn't Jagadee come yet?
We know him, right?
He never comes on time.
He will be here soon. Don't worry.
Bose, where is Jagadee?
He said he would start last night.
And now, I can't reach his phone.
His absence at this time
is making me feel bad.
Don't worry, stay beside Chandra.
The auspicious time is ticking,
go and stay beside Chandra.
Go, Kumari. I will talk to him.
There is no auspicious
wedding time after this Muhurata.
Brother in law,
we are running out of auspicious time.
Why didn't Jagadee show up yet?
He will be here any minute, Satti Babu.
We cannot stop the time.
He will be here before
the farewell of the bride.
Make arrangements
for Satyanarayana ritual. [phone ringing]
Hello, Mr Jagadish...
Hey, Sai.
Sorry!
Mom's phone is unreachable.
Let me talk to her.
Why haven't you arrived yet
for your niece's wedding?
Marriage? Whose wedding?
Chandra's.
With whom?
With Veerendra Naidu's
brother, Tirumala Naidu.
Why are you asking all these
details as if you don't know?
Brother Bose was trying
to reach you since last night
and you weren't returning the calls.
How long do we have
for the wedding time?
The nuptial knot is tied and
everyone is showering blessings.
You please come fast.
Why did you get that?
Why?
Can't a man do this?
Take this.
Ouch!
Did it hurt?
Sit... Sit...
You seem very sensitive.
Let me see.
There were times when my father's
word was an edict, in this village.
He wanted to get stronger in politics.
Your grandfather...
Your grandfather destroyed it all.
He provoked the idiots
and got my father killed
at the village council.
Imagine how much I have
been pained about it.
Let me tell you something.
I married you to
destroy Mr Naidu's family.
-[screaming in pain]
-Keep screaming... Louder.
Your family should hear your screams.
-Let go of me.
-Keep screaming... Louder.
-Let go of me [screaming in pain]
-Louder...
Let go of me [screaming in pain]
Hey! Ask Tiru to not harm her.
If her family comes to know
about this, they will kill us.
-Wait!
-Jagadee!
Why are you leaving
without speaking anything?
How can you arrange weddings
when I'm out of town?
Come here.
You should have got her married too.
That too with Veerendra's brother?
Who got this thought?
It was our brother Bose's decision.
Father told him that
the alliance between these two
families will be the best thing.
Yes, Jagadee. We observed
the groom in the wedding.
He is a good natured guy.
They both were very
happy during the wedding.
No one cares for my happiness.
I should not attend my niece's wedding.
-Isn't it?
-No!
Or did you choose to
ignore me thinking that
I'd be anyway leaving to the US and won't
be available to attend any ceremonies.
Why will we think like that?
How can she get married without me?
She was the one who requested
your absence in her wedding.
-Ganga...
-Sister...
Why did you say that?
Anyway, Brother Bose
called you several times.
Did you answer the call?
Why will we conduct the wedding if
we know you couldn't attend, Jagadish?
Go and check on Chandramma.
You'll know how happy she is.
You will praise Bose for
fixing such a good alliance.
Yes, Jagadee.
You will praise him for sure.
Understand me, dear.
Accept it.
-He accepted.
-That's it.
Visit them. Look at his anger.
Jagadee, when did you come?
I didn't expect you'd miss the wedding.
Where are you going?
To Chandra's home.
Get back soon, let's dine together.
Brother, did you call me?
I tried calling several
times but couldn't reach you.
Oh! You did!
Of course.
Get back soon, let's dine together.
Wanted to see how she is doing?
I asked her to call and update
you on how happy she is.
Didn't I ask you?
But she broke the phone stating that
she is no more related with your family.
It was you who gifted
the phone, weren't you?
You would have enjoyed
with your niece all these days.
You can continue being like that.
I'm open minded person.
You can come here
even when I'm not here.
You can do whatever you like.
Comfortably.
Come, sit here.
Do you know how I address Chandra?
I call her Chandramma.
You can't understand
what I'm saying.
If you try to frame any kind
of profane relation between us,
remember, I'm not as open-minded as you.
Why is your uncle warning me?
Please go away from here.
Don't you ever come here again.
Knock back undiluted...
Knock back is not
good for your health!
Have butter milk.
[indistinct dog barking]
Why did you come again?
Are you really doing good?
Why are you concerned?
Give that hand.
Our Chandramma, who used to serve food
with right hand to anyone who cited hunger
has served me buttermilk with her
left hand. That's when I understood that
it was his evil work.
You've rejected my wedding
proposal, haven't you?
This pain is nothing
when compared to that.
Listen to me.
-Let's inform mother--
-If we inform them,
they will die out of pain.
You have to witness
my death before theirs.
What is it to you if I die?
-You don't even care for me.
-Assume whatever you want.
But you'd feel exhausted some day
that you can't tolerate him anymore.
Turn on the switch on that day.
The light would glow over there.
I will bury him here and
take you home, Chandramma.
I will come here every day
at this time to check on the light.
Remember that.
Brother Bose,
I expected you to come for lunch.
Are you unloading coconuts?
We heard that you have received
the money of the cashew harvest.
Sathi Babu is planning to pay the token
amount for the fertilizer store tomorrow.
If we pay two lakh rupees now,
we can pay the rest later.
Yes.
Hmm... Ganga, we didn't
get any profits this time.
The sale amount was paid towards
the labour wages and other expenses.
The yield was extremely high, right, Bose?
How did we incur loss?
It was infested by pests, Satti Babu.
The pests came from the other
neighbouring farms, not ours.
They've been feeding on us for years.
Boss's language has changed, Ganga.
We have to talk with Brother Devudu.
Let's talk. Ask them to come.
Bose, father indeed told you
to give him five lakh rupees.
I've already told you that
the crop was infested by the pests.
Is that pests or you?
Sathi Babu!
I will break your teeth!
-Hey!
-Mind your words!
Shut up!
Bose, he told that in the heat
of the moment. Ignore him.
-It was a slip of the tongue.
-Brother Devudu.
I won't accept you supporting him.
Sathi Babu, calm down.
Why should we stay calm, Sister?
We are at loss, not you.
How can you speak by showing disparity?
He got a good alliance for your daughter,
that's why you two
are supporting him.
What are you talking about, Sathi Babu?
Don't talk like a drunkard!
Oh, you are calling names!
What if I do name-calling too?
[mute gestures]
Why are you getting in between, dimwit?
It's not about five lakh rupees.
Let's divide the properties.
What is the total? And what's my share?
Mother, ask him and tell us.
Properties?
Where on earth do you have properties?
All this property was earned
after my father married my mother,
when all of you were in a
state where you had nothing.
You enjoyed it all these days freely.
And now, all of you are faking affection
to draw a share from this property.
We never thought of it, Bose.
You are more than a
biological son to me, Bose.
But I never considered you as a mother.
I'm not your blood!
Get lost!
Everyone, just get lost!
Bose,
you might feel her as a
burden, but not for me.
She will stay with us.
We will take her to my home.
Come with us. Come...
Look, he is forcing us out of here
citing we have no share in this property.
He berated us so badly.
Jagadee,
he called us pests.
When father was alive, you promised that
you'd give me your share of your property.
Give it now!
No idiot who agonized
a woman will prosper.
-Yes.
-Come.
Brother...
What is this?
Jagadee,
after our mother's death,
they took care of us for our properties.
But now, after father's demise,
they are citing some sort of
deprivation and whining over it.
If we stay silent,
they will claim that this is all theirs.
Arjunamma is provoking
her daughters and sons-in-law.
It is wrong, Brother.
Agonising mother and sisters
for the sake of property is a sin.
Did you ask them to leave?
Jagadee,
you will not understand this.
Quote a figure,
I will send it to you every month.
I'm not going to give them any share.
Not just share,
but we can sacrifice our
lives for them as well.
Let's give.
At least, give them my share.
Share?
What are you talking about?
Father never told me anything while dying.
Did he tell you anything?
Do you have any documents?
Jagadee,
you are a kid.
You know nothing.
Come home.
Do you have a passbook?
What is the survey number?
He hardly stays in the village.
Happy-go-lucky kind.
How can he understand all these?
Well said.
Sir,
these are Mr Naidu's farm records.
Survey no. 270/a, the righteous owner is
Mr Bose and the one took for lease is
Somaraju. That's what is there in it.
Are you Somaraju?
What about Mr Bose?
Mr Bose is my brother.
Then, you should discuss it with him.
Follow your brother.
You will have a bright future.
Why do you want to suffer?
Follow him.
Narsayya, let's discuss it later.
What will you discuss?
Let's resolve this now.
They are asking to return the farms
which your father had distributed to us.
Someone named Somaraju
has even sent us subpoenas.
You are stealing our food.
How can you be the sons of Mr Naidu?
He is not related to the issue.
We should resolve this with Bose.
Don't mind it.
Let's go.
We'll talk. Let's go.
Bose teamed up with the M.R.O
and manipulated the land records.
We cannot do anything as long
as this MRO is incumbent.
Shall we complain against him?
Someone complained against
me at the collector's office
claiming that I am a corrupt officer.
Here is my suspension order.
My signature on the N.O.C
of Somaraju's project won't be valid now.
Get it issued by new M.R.O.
See you later.
Some journalist would
have complained.
Let's look into it later.
Lingalu...
The new M.R.O should start working with
us even before he enters into the village.
If he claims he is sincere officer,
he will be die like the ex-M.R.O.
BHUDEVIPURAM
My name is Lingalu.
Mr M.R.O,
You do know the history of Bhudevipuram
and still came here, aren't you?
I don't think you know.
Otherwise, why would you come?
I want to tell you a tale.
This is the Vermillion of the deity who
protects our village boundary.
[phone ringing]
Lingalu
Bring the new M.R.O
directly to our office.
The new M.R.O is Mr Bose's brother.
Veerendra,
you used to tell some tales to people
about papaya, and the banana plantation.
Do you like to hear a tale from me?
Exactly three months ago, in
Goddess Bhudevi's temple carnival,
Just be patient until evening.
[carnival bustle and percussions]
-Uncle Jagadee.
-Village--
What happened?
-Tomorrow is her matchmaking.
-Is it?
Hey!
Let go of me, rascal!
Let go.
If you like my touch,
come to the backyard of the
temple. I will be waiting there.
[weeping]
Where is the Prasada (offering) counter?
Over that corner.
[groans in pain]
Did he tell you that he lost
his hand in a crusher mishap?
He knew that I would chop his
head-off if he had told the truth.
I did all that just because
a girl from my family shed tears.
Now, you betrayed my family by
joining hands with my brother.
My father's wish is to see
vengeance free Bhudevipuram.
Now, it's my responsibility.
It is the responsibility of an M.R.O.
You do know the abbreviation
of M.R.O, don't you?
Mandal Revenue Officer.
That is for everyone else.
But for you,
it is 'Mental Rowdy Officer'.
Well, you are requesting a
posting at your hometown.
Why should I do this favour?
To reform my village, sir.
Everyone forgot to live
peacefully due to the greed for lands.
I want to show them a better way.
I don't know if you
can accomplish it or not.
I don't want to be an obstacle
for a good initiative.
All the best.
L Jagadish NAIDU
M.R.O
How come you are an M.R.O, Jagadee?
I need to discuss a personal
matter with the officer.
Can you all please wait outside?
-Mr Simhachalam...
-Wait.
What personal?
Take a step back.
I am DT Srinivas, sir.
I am Record Assistant Ramana, sir.
I am Surveyor David Raju, sir
I am Junior Assistant Yesu Babu, sir.
I am R.I. Sudha Rani, sir
I am V.R.O Gummadi Varalakshmi, sir.
Mr Simhachalam, where
are the other V.R.Os?
They will not come to the office, sir.
They should come here in an hour.
Okay, sir.
People waiting outside shouldn't
go home without meeting today.
It is not possible for you to hear
everyone's problems in one day, sir.
You might be stressed.
As much as possible.
It's hot outside.
Supply them with chairs and cold drinks.
Treat them as relatives.
Tell them to be comfortable
until they get their turn.
Sir, whom should I call first?
First come, first serve.
Sure, sir.
Venkat Rao, the officer is calling you.
Sir, my name is Kankarla Venkat Rao.
We are four brothers.
There is a dispute between brothers
regarding a half-acre land of banana
plantation which is on my mother's name.
-Due to those disputes...
-This file contains all their records.
-They aren't taking up farming...-Give this to your officer.
nor letting me do that, in that land.
Let him not get humiliated
by talking something irrelevant.
I am having a hard time
to even provide for my family.
I have been coming
to this office every day.
-No one here cares.
-Sir, their farm records are in this file.
There is 8 acres of banana plantation land
bearing Survey no. 170/a,
near Chintal-Thop, on your father's name.
He divided two acres each for
four brothers, before his death.
He was skeptical about how you
brothers would treat your mother.
So he assigned a half-acre bearing
survey no 170/b, on your mother's name.
After her death, you brothers started
fighting over the ownership of that land.
In that, the second brother lost his
hand, the third brother got killed,
and the elder one went to
prison and got released recently.
You started quarrelling again.
Mr Simhachalam, am I correct?
Much better than the record, sir!
Invite all your brothers
for lunch next Sunday.
Inform them that the M.R.O would be there.
Let's settle it there.
They hate each other, sir.
Will they accept?
Just a meal!
Okay, sir.
Next...
Under any circumstances,
we need a new M.R.O's sign on the NOC.
But your brother will not
agree to that so easily.
You have to do something and
get his signature on the NOC.
Veerendra!
He is an M.R.O for the
village, not for me.
He is a kid.
I will get the job done.
Your uncle is the new M.R.O.
You are acting very innocent.
He bribed to get the posting here.
Seems like he is still not over you.
What the hell are you talking?
[gasps]
Mr Bose...
It is first come, first serve.
Hey!
He is my little brother.
He is our M.R.O, sir.
Please wait under the tree.
We will call you.
Vanaparthy Ram Chandrayya.
Sir, the registration is over.
But the passbook is not issued.
I will take care of it.
See you, sir.
-Samireddy Ramulamma!
-See you.
Gorlu Suri Babu
Gummala Ravi Kumar.
It won't happen again.
I give you my word.
Go home without any worry.
Mr Bose...
-Hmm.
-The M.R.O is calling you.
I used to wait for you for hours outside
the school.
You reminded me of that again.
You used to stay out
of the village disputes.
Why did you become an M.R.O?
I want to launch a project
here. If you sign the NOC...
Our father has distributed
that land to the farmers.
It means, all of us had given it.
They were farming in that for the past 10
years. How can you start a project there?
And the project should benefit
the farmer, not others.
Moreover, enjoying all the property all by
yourself by betraying the family members
is a big crime under the succession act.
I have already told you
that I would not even give a
penny to Arjunamma's family.
I took the stay order from the court
to restrict their access to our farms.
It takes, at least, 10
years to be proven wrong.
You too can do nothing about
it despite being an M.R.O.
Veerendra will take care of those farms.
My little brother,
you will be safe as long
as you listen to me.
If you don't listen to me, I cannot
guarantee the safety of your life.
Try to understand.
Explain Veerendra the same
I am unlike the ex-MRO who is
an outsider, to get killed.
I am a local.
Do you remember what you have
told me when I was a kid?
'You will lose if your team loses.'
Now, I'm saying,
'If my family loses, I lose too.'
I won't let them lose.
Let's see.
What is it that you wanted
to talk personally earlier?
What is personal? Take a step back.
Back!
-It was in the office, right?
-So?
Did I try to bite you or what?
In front of everyone...
Being formal in the public
and being casual in our personal
space would indeed be good.
Why did you hide about
your MRO posting from me?
It is not that I wanted to
hide that from you, Gumma.
Do you know how huge
this responsibility is?
Who will accompany me
other than you, in this task?
What do you mean accompany?
And for how long?
There should be a time-frame, right?
Life-long.
[bike approaching]
Mr Jagadish,
your sister and brother-in-law are coming.
Come fast.
Brother, how are you doing?
-Hey Jagadee
-Sit.
How are you doing?
Your sister made Dosas and 'Bombidai
Pulusu' (eel broth) for you.
Bombidai pulusu (eel broth)?
Not for you! It is for my brother.
Is it all love?
Jagadee, why are you staying here
as if you have no family members?
-Let's go to our home.-Let's go.
Home is where every
family member live together.
Who is here, except cows and buffaloes?
Father.
It's okay, you became an MRO.
We have our properties, right?
How come?
Bose got a stay order from the
court restricting our access to farms.
Let's file a case against Bose.
Let's do it! Yes!
We will lose.
Sister Kumari, you and Ram Bujjiah...
We can win the case only if
three of you unite and file a case.
How can we unite? How?
Devudu berated me so badly here.
Don't you remember?
We too have self-respect.
What would you do with
self-respect after losing properties?
Ganga, consider me dead
if you join your sisters.
My husband is healthy despite his
binge drinking. Ignore his words.
Well, tell me what should I do?
Your little brother made Bose to wait
for an hour outside the MRO's office.
He doesn't do anything
without a reason.
Sister...
-Come, Jagadee
-My little brother...
How are you doing?
I'm good, Sister.
Sai, I am looking gloomy, aren't I?
I couldn't cry when needed.
Think that you have lost your
property, you will automatically cry.
What are they discussing?
Didn't you say that you wouldn't
go inside unless they call you?
Sister Ganga is waiting outside.
She says that she won't come inside
unless your husband talks with her first.
Brother-in-law Devudu, how are you doing?
I'm doing fine.
Sister...
Talk to me.
Why did you talk on the other
day by showing disparity?
Don't you ever talk like that again.
Sister Ganga is doing tremendous acting.
That is not acting.
Brother-in-law Devudu, Bose went to
court to restrict our access to our farms.
Let's file a case against him.
Jagadee will take care of it.
-Court case?
-Yes.
We'll be in trouble if your
mother comes to know about it.
Jagadee!
When did you come?
Just now, Mother.
Sister Ganga...
Sister Ganga wants us to live together
regardless of losing the properties.
Yes, Mother.
I heard someone saying in the temple
that new M.R.O is a sincere guy.
Your father would have been pleased.
I heard that everyone got united
and filing a case against me.
Let's see what Jagadee could
do... with all those women.
I will give them hard time.
I will give them hard
time till they exhaust.
Nothing will happen, Bose.
Your victory is inevitable.
But if the farmers get
into the fields tomorrow,
it will become an issue in the media.
Somaraju's project would be scrapped.
Your brother promised the farmers
that he'd take care of everything.
What shall we do?
No one should get into the fields.
Even if he is my brother
Intimidate him. If he doesn't obey,
do whatever you want.
Have dinner, Uncle.
No.
You knew all along about
his evil nature, don't you?
You brought me up more
than my father did.
Instead, you should have killed me.
How dare you go against Mr. Veerendra?
Leave the seedlings and go home.
Else, there would be beheading.
[baby crying]
Why are you all staring dumbly?
Should we be terrified
by his intimidation?
-I'm going.
-Don't go, Maremma.
-Take the kid.
-You'll die if you go.
-It is okay if I die.
-Maremma!
-It is better to die than live like this
-Please don't go.
-Don't go.
-Maremma, come back.
[groans]
Maremma!
Let go of me. Let go.
If you have so much raging fire,
go and sleep with Veerendra.
Exhibit your aggression there, not here.
I have been observing you since childhood.
I saw anger in your eyes,
miseries in your households
and courage in your words.
What is this fear, all of a sudden?
Hey! Will you guys step in?
I will clearly remember the face
of the first person who steps in.
You might be skeptical about M.R.O's word.
I, Tuck Jagadish, the youngest son of
Mr. Naidu/Bhudevipuram, telling you...
Let the work begin.
[baby crying]
Oh blue drop of water
You should keep raining so
that there be mild sunlight
The sown saplings should grow straight
If it grows into an abundant crop
The landlord would give us
enough grain for a good life
The Goddess would bless us well
Who is the one who is a man
enough to cultivate the land?
He is the son of the village head
and is quite a magnificent gentleman
It's Lord Krishna's magic,
oh village damsel!
The cobs stand and sway beautifully
- After we toil and--
-Kill them all!
Continue your work.
Hey!
You are charging at me by forgetting
the fact that your niece is at my home.
That woman...
[groans in pain]
This is for addressing
Chandramma indiscriminately.
And you were about to say something else?
Hey!
Don't you dare say it.
I will bury you in the land
bearing survey number: 136,
burial ground.
[groans in pain]
You want to get to
the farmers of Bhudevipuram,
you're gonna cross MRO Jagadish.
You will be fine as long
you don't cross me.
If you cross,
I cannot guarantee on your safety.
Have some food.
Hey...
[plate clatters]
-[groans in pain]
-Brother...
Hey...
-Hey...
-Hands off me.
I want him dead.
We should torture him to death.
It's very painful!
What's with you?
Why would he get so enraged
when someone scolds you?
-Let go of me.
-I will kill you and bury you right here!
-Call him!
-Let go of him.
Let's see who'd come here.
What do you think of me?
Are you playing with us?
-Tiru, calm down!
-[grunts]
Go inside.
-Go.
-Damn you!
Hey!
Are you out of your mind?
He chopped off Balireddy's hand.
He has injured your brother's leg.
And we don't know
what would he do with you?
Do you need it?
She is the lifeline for both of you.
Both of you would be
alive only if she stays alive.
Kill him and then, go for her.
-Mr David
-Yes, sir.
Conduct resurvey and fix
all the boundary issues.
Okay, sir.
-Issue passbooks within ten days.
-Okay, sir.
The passbooks are supposed
to come from Chennai, sir.
It takes up to one month if we apply now.
It takes one month each for Chennai
works, surveyor works, VRO works
and MRO works to finish.
It might even take some years.
A generation would change by the
time we issue a passbook to a farmer.
Go and apply directly instead
of applying through postal service.
Catch the Chennai bound bus tonight.
Okay, sir.
I want to talk to you personally.
She's gonna stay. Tell me.
My name is Gali Somaraju.
I have come here to discuss
about a project with you.
I heard that you declined
to sign on the NOC for your brother.
I will do the same for you as well.
Arrogant!
I heard that people
call you Tuck Jagadish.
Well, my PA too tucks in his shirt.
What's with your greatness?
I was eight years old, Mr Somaraju.
I was returning home
from the school in the rain.
A white coloured Ambassador
car stopped beside me.
I saw a gentleman in the
car who tucked in his shirt.
He offered me to drop
at home and took me in his car.
That gentleman talked to several
people while I was in the car.
He gave money to ones who needed
it, courage to some others
and he warned some people too.
But everyone greeted him with respect.
I asked my father as
soon as I reached home,
Who is that gentleman so many people
are paying such huge respect to, Father?
My father replied, "He is a very
good-natured government officer".
I have decided on that day to
tuck in, offer courage...
and warn like him.
If someone doesn't obey,
we have to break his bone
regardless of who he is.
Somaraju!
Your car shouldn't turn around.
The chair is the property of government.
Who will bear the charges?
File it in my account.
Let's go. We shall have a
delicious non-vegetarian meal.
-Is it?
-Hmm.
Greetings, sir.
Please be careful while
dealing with my brothers, sir.
Welcome, Mr MRO.
Heard that you wanted
to resolve over a meal.
Venkat Rao informed me.
Sit down.
I'm the eldest brother.
Decide after considering everything.
Else,
the head...
Try mutton head curry.
Age shouldn't be taken into consideration
while dividing the properties.
If I don't get what I deserve,
I will not let anyone leave.
My husband died in that
plantation's dispute.
I won't compromise either.
I'll rip your intestines out and
put them around my husband's
photo frame like a garland.
[coughs]
[chuckles]
One can expect a spicy meal
at Kankarla's home.
Have some water.
Can I get an onion?
Onion?
It is right here.
Assume that this is the 8 acres of land
which your father gave to your family.
The eldest one gets two acres.
The second one gets two acres
The third one gets two acres.
You've sliced my share
into a very little size.
This is just an onion.
I am using it as an example.
Venkat Rao, this is your two acres.
This is the last piece,
the half-acre of land which your
father had given it to your mother.
Instead of cultivating in those
eight acres of land, you've been
fighting over a half-acre of land for
six years and letting no one use it.
Where is your nuptial chain?
We sold it to pay up
the court expenses.
Who the hell asked
you to approach court?
Your bloody life!
Why are you grinding your teeth?
My father asked me to grind my teeth
whenever I come across my cousins.
What are you studying?
No studies until these
disputes are resolved, sir.
We just need what we deserve.
I won't let you have it even
if it takes losing my life.
Why so?
You are a widow and have no kids.
Why do you need property?
I will bear kids from whoever I want.
That's no concern of yours.
Hit you with footwear!
Bloody cowards!
What the hell are you
blabbering. I will hack you!
[sickle clangs]
Hack, my foot!
I dare you lay your hand on me! I will
smash your head with a rice-pounder!
[overlap of voices]
[sickle clang continues]
Do you have any sense?
There used to be a word around that
one has to look up to Kankarla's family
when it comes to farming.
But you have put aside
farming and left the fields to dry,
women with no ornaments
and kids with no education.
If four of you had cultivated
some crops in these past six years,
you would have harvested 2000 bags
of paddy in those eight acres of land.
After all the expenses,
each of you would have
earned 8 lakh rupees.
It would have
benefited your children's future.
Instead,
you are sowing the seeds of revenge
and discord in the hearts of the kids.
Did you forget your blood relations
after getting married and having kids?
You might give some extra property to
your kids by gaining from these disputes.
But what if something terrible happens?
What if someone among you dies?
Can you give them courage by stating,
It's alright, my brothers
will take care of my kids.
If anyone in your family fails, then
it's a failure of your entire family.
It's been too late.
Consider the future of
of your kids and take a decision.
[grunting]
Crossing the boundaries of greed
You have to evolve as a universal human
Let the seeds sprout up
clearing the weeds
Bond of love should make
you overcome differences
Witness the bliss of
the growing saplings
The wind from the crop soothes your toil
You are the relative we never had,
you taught us love
You are the one who taught us to be kind
You are the one who helped
us to change our destiny
Your tale would be an example
for the future generations
He warned all the contractors.
No one is paying heed to us.
[groans in anger]
Chittemma is not believing us, sir.
They claim that my husband is dead, sir.
He will return for me
and for our kid for sure.
He promised me.
-I will demand Veerendra--
-Your husband is no more.
He was killed.
But you have this brother with you.
You are the relative we never had
You taught us to be together
You are the one who taught us to be kind
You are the one who helped
us to change our destiny
Your tale would be an example
for the future generations
Crossing the boundaries of greed
-You have to evolve as a universal human
- It's tasty.
I've approached the darkness
to win over you
I've stored my sorrow to show you
I will keep my word
and protect you always
Would you be able to buy
back a lost bonding?
Your steps could falter
- But I'd be with you till you're stable
-Hello. Hello?
Who is it?
Every foundation has good and evil
Forgiving makes you
the greatest of humans
You are the relative we never had,
you taught us love
You are the one who taught us to be kind
You are the one who helped
us to change our destiny
Your tale would be an example
for the future generations
[bells ringing]
[chanting]
[temple bell ringing]
[priest chanting]
Bose?
[groaning]
Granny!
-How are you?
-I'm fine.
-Come.
-I want to be with Granny.
-Come!
Come now!
Granny! Granny!
Dear, she is running a high temperature.
Granny... Granny...
Nithu?
After seeing your mother
in temple, she fell ill.
If we can take her to your mother--
She is not my mother!
[gasps in fear]
I have already told you many times.
Bhadram?
Coming, sir.
Mr. Bose Babu!
We have to take the kid
to Bhushan, get the vehicle ready.
That doctor has turned arrogant.
He is not treating after 9 pm.
-Then, let's get him here.
-OK.
Jagadee...
How is the child?
Granny!
I felt the temperature
when I held her at the temple.
Oh, my baby!
Why aren't you staying with us, Uncle?
Since you are playing with us a lot...
And ignoring homework.
So Dad wanted us to stay away.
If you study well, we all will come here.
Will you study well?
You are alright now!
What will you tell Dad now?
I will tell him that my fever
disappeared as granny visited.
That would make him angry and
he would join you in a hostel.
Mom.
Have dinner, son.
I have a small work,
I will be right back.
Have dinner and go to bed.
Be careful.
Where are we going?
Have the beer.
Do you booze?
Shouldn't MROs booze?
I didn't mean that.
Gumma.
Once we send a girl from
our family to another...
If we come to know that
she is going through hell...
Do you know how painful that is?
She destroyed her life
due to her anger on me.
If she turns the light on once,
he'd bring her back in a jiffy.
But Chandramma doesn't understand.
The court play was only
to unite both his sisters.
He can't lose anyone.
We have seen people obsessed
with money and caste...
But he is obsessed with his family.
I like her so much.
Jagadee.
Crazy girl
[groaning]
What is he saying?
Uncle Bose used to snatch snacks
from Uncle Bujji in their childhood.
He says he will say the same
in the court tomorrow
It's not about snacks,
you stupid!
Say that he grabbed our properties
and drove us out.
Not just the properties, Ganga!
The 5 lakhs he promised
for the fertilizer shop.
We have to get that from Bose.
Shouldn't we get that too!
You will get married to her
only if we win the case over Bose.
Mind it.
-You are the witness, sis--
-Ganga!
You're about to sue Bose?
Devudu, what is happening here?
Even I don't like it.
Jagadee said...
How can we stay quiet when the women
in our family are being cheated
-So we have to sue Bose--
-Stop it now.
Where is Jagadee?
-He is inside.
-Brother-in-law!
I ate at Chandra's home last night.
She insisted.
Did you suggest them to sue Bose?
Well, Mom...
Did you tell them or not?
So you've grown big enough
to divide the property?
Everything will fall in place
once Bose changes his mind.
Why are you compromising
family's honour for that?
Listen to my words carefully.
If anyone wants to go
to Court against Bose!
It's like going against me.
Promise me.
You promised me before you did to Mother.
Don't go back on it, Bro.
Have it
[mobile ringing]
Hello.
I will meet you later.
Jagadee
Where did you disappear, Mr. Murthy?
We need to talk.
You missed Father's funeral too.
Be seated.
It's your brother behind everything.
When your Father passed away,
I ran away like a coward
without lending a helping hand.
I came to know just yesterday...
That Bose has got a stay that
no one can claim any property.
According to him, the entire property
belongs to your mother Tulasamma.
But Bose isn't the heir for it.
It's you.
That's true Jagadee.
Bose isn't your own brother.
He was born to Arjunamma.
When your mother had lost two
children at birth and was down mentally,
Arjunamma showed kindness and
gave her son Bose to Tulasamma.
Later, Tulasamma gave birth to you.
She did give away her son,
but not her love on him.
Hence, Arjunamma is stopping
you all from suing Bose.
Only when you get the entire property,
would your father's final
wish would be fulfilled.
When I inquired your
maternal Uncle who resides in UK,
He said we could get hold
of the original documents
-Then we could teach Bose a lesso--
-Mr. Murthy.
Don't reveal this to anyone.
-But Jagadee...
-I take it as a word from you.
Jagadee...
Mother, didn't you sleep yet?
I was waiting for Bose.
He might fall asleep without having food.
You'll say it yourself that Bose
has got a very good match.
Promise me.
Sir, the farmers from Kondapalem
are here to meet you.
-Send them in.
-Alright sir.
[mobile ringing]
What is it, Jadagee?
I've heard you're not suing me.
Are you scared?
I wanted to see that wretched woman
and her daughters approach the court.
You didn't give me the chance to.
One more word about mother and
I'll forget that you are my brother.
Yeah, Mr. Somaraju.
I'm just onto getting the NOC.
Let's start our work once I get it.
That's not possible until your brother
is sitting on the MRO's chair.
-But listen--
-I'm stalling the project.
Return the advance of five crores
I sent you immediately.
Five crores?
When did you give that and to whom?
Are you playing with me?
Veerendra took five crores
from me claiming it's your share.
You both figure that out.
But I need that money by tomorrow.
Else I'd sue you for cheating.
Bose.
Did you take 5 crores
from Somaraju on my name?
Yes, I did.
I wanted to give it to you
if we bagged the project.
But we didn't!
Trying to back-stab me?
What was it that you did, then?
Didn't you sell a girl from your
family to us for this deal?
Bose...
You have no right to talk
about backstabbing.
Be right there!
I'm coming for you.
Hey!
Sister-in-law...
Jagadee, I'm so tense.
It's been long since they took him inside.
Dad was covered in blood, Uncle.
Mom has been crying since then.
There is internal bleeding.
He needs a surgery immediately.
We need O negative blood
please arrange it quickly.
-Anything serious?
-Nothing to worry.
My blood group is same as his, Doctor.
I will donate
Come along.
Mother in law!
Jagadee...
He regained consciousness.
Go and meet him.
[machine blips]
I trusted Veerendra with Chandra...
If mother hadn't donated blood on time...
She isn't our mom.
I don't want this life if it was
saved because of her mercy.
-She is always an outsider for me.
-It's me who is an outsider.
She gave birth to you.
You were born out of her womb.
Is it true?
When did you realise the truth?
Did you ever treat her like your mother?
At least like a human?
She eats only after you do.
And sleeps after you do.
She made me take an oath on her life
if I approach the court against you.
She will die if something happens to you.
And what you did to her...
But I never considered you as a mother.
We are not blood-related.
I want to see her.
She can't tolerate it if you go
as if you realized the truth.
Meet her as a changed Bose.
That joy would make her live longer.
Brother,
Don't let anyone in our family know
that I am not your own brother.
Otherwise, I will become an outsider.
Hey!
You are my brother!
My own one.
Granny!
-Nithu!
-Dad is here!
Even animals would be
loyal if we feed them.
But I never treated you at least
like a human even after you raised me!
Though I hated you...
You saved my life.
I'm not even worthy
to ask for forgiveness, Arjunamma.
Bose, you are more than my own son.
[thunders rumbling]
I felt your wrath in real, Ganga!
Bose.
Don't cry, Dad.
[weeping]
I wanted to betray you.
Please forgive me.
-Don't act like a kid now.
-Forgive me.
Come, let's go to our home.
Jagadish, sir.
Take cover.
Your brother Bose is at home.
Your mother's happiness has no limits.
-Is it?
-Yeah.
I will go turn off the engine.
I know you Bose.
You cannot hide your emotions.
You are not stubborn as the younger one.
He assumes he can buy people with money.
Why will he file a case
against his own brother?
Don't say that, Mother.
His evil eye is responsible
for your accident.
-He united us--
-You are my life.
Why are you leaving so soon?
Take the keys.
Can't you see the calf is crying?
Why did you leave it in the rain?
-Take it into the shed
-I will do that.
-Give me the keys
-I already did, sir.
Oh, you did!
Jagadee...
What happened Jagadee?
Well it's nothing.
Just like that!
Tell me what is it?
Gumma.
How do I look?
I mean...
My behaviour.
You look good.
It's not that.
Do I look as if I don't
have any feelings?
Do I look stubborn?
That is for people who judge you by looks.
To the people who cannot understand
what you are inside.
How long will you
endure alone, MRO?
Let me share it too.
I told you back then.
That family is not right for my sister.
-If my nephew doesn't get his property...
-Whom are you here for, sir?
I will make sure,
Arjunamma's family pays for it.
I was born in Bhudevipuram too.
Who are you, sir?
I'm your maternal uncle.
I'm Tulasamma's brother.
Don't you worry Jagadee...
I'm here to teach them a lesson
and get you back your property.
You left your sister years ago
as she married against your will.
You didn't even attend her funeral.
Now, you showed up to divide the property?
You got it wrong, son.
It all belongs to your mother Tulasamma.
My mother's name is Arjunamma, sir.
Bose Babu and Ram Bujji are my brothers.
I have two sisters too.
Don't distance them from me
in the name of properties.
I am not related to you in anyway.
You can leave.
Hello...
Mr. Pathrudu, our notices are delivered.
Your uncle sent notices to Arjunamma's
family regarding the property.
Uncle!
What are these notices?
-Brother-in-law, it was the lawyer--
-Did you meet your uncle?
-Yes I did but--
-Did you meet him?
Did you meet him or not?
Brother in law...
How could you smile when
you have such grudge on us?
Just for the property! Ain't it evident?
I prioritised your happiness
over my own daughter's.
-Sister!
-Don't talk to me!
What can he say now, sister?
He didn't even shed a tear
when father passed away.
And now, our lives wouldn't
even matter to him.
Neelaveni, take Nithya inside.
Let her stay.
Even she should know who are our family
members and outsiders here.
They are your siblings.
What will you gain by ditching them?
Don't you have any conscience to do this?
He convinced us to file a
case on Bose Babu first.
We trusted him because
he is well educated and is an MRO.
I promised your father that no one
will know that Bose is my son.
Now, because of you...
Mother...
Don't call me mother.
-Hey...
-Nithu!
Uncle, aren't we a family?
I'm not sure, dear.
Tiru,
the reason I am here in not
about discussing our disputes.
Chandra's life should be happy.
Tell me what should I do for that.
I want my brother to walk
normally just as old days.
I want my father to come back alive.
I want your little brother dead.
Will that happen?
Don't you meddle with
my little brother!
Is it?
-Can I meddle with her?
-[groaning in pain]
-Huh!
-Uncle!
[groaning in pain]
I will hack her right in front of you.
[glass shatters]
Hey... Tiru!
[bellows]
I'm taking my niece to my home.
Bose!
I will not let you go!
Hey Koti!
Smack him!
Smack him off!
Uncle!
Watch this.
Come on, watch this.
Uncle Bose...
Kill her. Just kill her!
-Let's bury her!-Let go of him!
Tiru, catch her!
[switch clicks]
[screaming in pain]
Let go of me!
We should make sure that no one in
the village knows about her death.
Are you planning to give a tip-off?
When sister Kumari asked
me to take you in my arms
I felt that she asked me
to take her responsibility.
It was the responsibility of an uncle!
I'll be by your side through
all good and bad times.
Turn on the switch...
and the light would glow.
I will bury him here and
take you home, Chandramma.
[bird chirping]
[vehicle vrooms]
[tyres screech]
Come!
Chandra!
Uncle!
[weeping]
I'm here,
everything will be alright.
Uncle Bose...
Hey Jagadee!
Your brother!
Uncle...
That is what I'm saying! He is my brother!
Tiru!
[groans in pain]
Hey, slit his throat.
Brother!
Hey! You'll pay for killing my brother!
I made a mistake by getting
Chandra married to him.
Now, I want you to handle him.
Watch now!
Hack them off!
Hey...
[groans in pain]
Bose, you wanted to take your niece.
I will not stop you.
Take her with you. Just take her off.
Of course, I'll take her home.
But our family has a tradition.
A girl shouldn't be taken back to
parents' home when her husband is alive.
What shall we do with him, Chandramma?
Take me home, Uncle.
Why make our hands dirty, Brother?
The Naxalites will take care of him.
[gasps]
[engine starts]
He took all the blame for our
mistakes and underwent agony.
It is my fault that
Chandra's life is wrecked.
I did terrible injustice to her.
It is nothing terrible now, Brother.
Chandra returned from Lanka, not Ayodhya.
Let's be happy for that.
We berated you without any contemplation.
We could not understand you, Jagadee.
We paid heed to some Tom Dick and Harry...
It's alright, Brother-in-law.
Hard times like these will let us
know how strong we are as a family.
And it is proven.
You'll hold nothing against us
and be normal like regular you,
won't you, little Brother?
Sister!
We feared that you'd
desert us for mistreating you.
I will be with you till my last breath.
If you don't agree for that,
I will send court notices for real.
Father is within you.
From now, you are our world.
I abused you in a way which
no mother would do that.
You never spoke against it
or tried explaining.
But you'd have felt at least once that
you wouldn't have undergone all
this if your mother was alive.
You are my only mother.
This is the life which you have raised.
I can see affection in your eyes...
but am unable to
apprehend the pain in your heart.
Father used to quote
something all the time.
GOVERNMENT GUEST HOUSE
[birds chirping]
Madam...
What is it?
I don't know where your
husband worked earlier.
Didn't you hear about this village?
This is Pothuraju Metta.
I don't know who your previous boss was.
Well, I doubt whether you
have heard about my husband.
He is Jagadish Naidu.
People call him Tuck Jagadish.